### Background on the project
I am building a robot to solve Rubik's cubes. I found a robot that did it during a summer study abroad trip and noticed that it was using a majorly inefficient solving algorithm. I got permission to look at the source code and try to improve it but was unable to read the garble of C code they had in any meaningful way (it was rough code and it was also labeled and commented in French). As a result when I got back home I started looking into building my own.

We are now several months later and I've made a couple mockups on Wokwi for the Arduino side of things, most of the code for the pi side of things, and mostly done with the 3d modeling for the frame. I also have most of the parts I will need to finish the project. Since I now have most of the parts I want to start testing the Arduino/motor control side of things irl.

I attached a link below with a link to the Wokwi project incase anyone wants to take a look at how I have it set up and play with the simulation. I'm not sure if the speed and pauses I have it set at are fully realistic but at the moment it is pretty consistently under 2 seconds. The actual solution will be generated by a raspberry pi and then sent to the Arduino to execute. Right now I have it set to just run the example solution but I will change it to read a serial input later.

### General Problem
The main problem I am running into at the moment is that I don't have much real world experience with micro electronics and none with soldering. I do have a bunch of bread boards and blank pcb boards to either work around learning soldering or to have ready in the event that the project requires it. The power supply I am working with came from an old 3d printer and outputs ≈24V and ≈14.6A (I know this is probably overkill. Please let me know if I really need to step down to something smaller). 

### More Specific Problem
The specific problem that led me to make this post is that I have no idea how to safely connect the power supply to the stepper drivers. I have concerns about a bread board being able to handle the throughput and don't want to hodgepodge something together soldering and risk electrocuting myself later on some poor excuse of a wiring job.

### Link to Wokwi Project
https://wokwi.com/projects/412370643136920577